hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
tag be ready for some spoilers ahead
a japanese schoolgirl named mitsuko is
going on a field trip with her
classmates
she likes to write poems while all her
other friends are playing around in the
bus
one girl shouts that they should have a
pillow fight and proceeds to take out a
pillow from nowhere
and starts throwing it around the
feathers go everywhere and mitsuko drops
her pen by
accident she bends down to pick it up
and suddenly
a shock wave destroys the bus ahead of
them and rips their bus in half
killing everyone shocked at what just
happened
mizuko senses an invisible presence
lurking around and quickly gets off the
bus
and starts running it follows her
everywhere she goes and destroys
everyone it gets close to by cutting
them in half
she runs into a forest where she manages
to escape her pursuer temporarily
misuko arrives at a river filled with
dead girls
she takes one of their uniforms that's
not stained and wears it while she goes
into the river
and washes herself clean of blood she
makes it back to her school where a
group of students are heading towards
their classroom
they all seem to recognize her but she
doesn't know who they are
she meets a girl named aki who
apparently is her best friend
she's worried about mitsuko as she's wet
everywhere and seems extremely scared
a gust of wind blows towards the girls
and it scares mizuko to the point of
curling up on the ground
she manages to get up with the
encouragement of her friend
but another one blows towards them and
she runs for her life
msuko tells aki that she had a really
bad dream where all her classmates were
killed by an invisible force
which is why she's acting the way she is
seeing that her friend is so agitated
aki decides that they should skip the
first period and go for a walk
they meet up with their other two
friends taiko and suri
and manages to convince them to skip
class as well
they arrive at the lake nearby and aki
begins joking about what mizuko
apparently dreamt of which got her all
scared
suri says that it's possible that
mizuko's dream actually happened in the
parallel universe
since there are an infinite amount of
them out there she continues to
demonstrate this by throwing a rock in
the lake
and says that another version of herself
would have done the opposite
they all stare at the ripples in the
water and suddenly
a crocodile jumps out from the water and
proceeds to bite taeko
causing blood to fly everywhere but it
turns out that it was only imagined
in mitsuko's mind as she still has
trouble getting over her fears
the girls find more pillows strangely
lying around in the forest
and begins having a pillow fight again
she's finally able to relax a little
and enjoy playing with her friends while
the feathers fly
everywhere mizuko notices a drop of
blood on her hand
and when she looks up she sees a bride
and a schoolgirl in the distance looking
at her
but they disappear quickly when she
blinks suri continues to tell everyone
that she believes everything is
determined
but you can break this by doing
something spontaneous like flashing
yourself in front of everyone
they all laugh at suri and proceeds to
run back to their school for the second
period
the teacher asked the girls where they
went to which they respond that they
didn't feel well
as the lessons begin misuku finds
another pillow on the ground
she takes it and throws it to her friend
but gets knocked away by bullets from
afar
all the girls in the classroom gets shot
by a barrage of gunfire
as the teacher holds a gatling gun in
her hand furious that they skipped class
this morning
misuku is saved by her classmates and
they proceed to run downstairs
eventually getting outside away from the
buildings
all the teachers begin shooting at the
students from the windows as they run
away from the school
her classmates tell her that only she
can save them while everyone is dying
they tell her that she must remember why
this is happening
they make it outside the parameter but
everyone gets cut in half by the same
entity that was chasing mitsuko in the
morning
she runs as fast as she can and
eventually arrives in a town where
everyone seems to be a woman for some
reason
misuku rushes into the police station
and begs for the officer to save her
they walk outside only to see that
everything is fine while the only person
acting strange is
mizuko the officer then recognizes her
as
kiko and brings her inside asking her
what is wrong
she shows mizuko the mirror and the face
of another woman appears
the officer brings her in her car and
proceeds to drive her to a gathering
which she's supposed to attend while
driving all the women on the streets are
laughing at mitsuko while knocking on
their windows
because she's still wearing the school
girl's uniform
we learned from the officer that mitsuko
is now 25
and not supposed to be wearing such
childish dresses anymore
they arrive at a fancy party and all the
girls welcomes her in
with excitement she sees a familiar
person in the room
and when that person turns around it
appears to be aki who died earlier
aki tells her quietly that she knows
what's going on
and proceeds to play along with everyone
we learned that mizuko is getting
married as everyone begins to do her
makeup and dresses
misuko demands to know what's going on
but aki doesn't give her a clear answer
only telling her to be careful and not
panic while putting the wedding dress on
her friend
she then starts going crazy killing the
wedding guests one by one in the room
while encouraging misuko to do the same
thing
before misuko goes to meet her groom aki
gives her a glass bottle as weapon
she goes in the hallway and sees all the
women cheering as she walks towards
a black coffin as she walks closer and
closer to the black box
the cheering from the crowd becomes
violent as all the girls begins pushing
her around
and stripping themselves at the same
time she arrives in front of the coffin
and when it opens a man with a pig's
head jumps out
scaring misuko as she screams in terror
she panics
and jabs the glass at her groom causing
the crowd to become silent
she then proceeds to stab and kill all
the women in the fit of rage
before aki arrives and tells her that
they must leave now
they make it into the streets but
notices that the invisible entity is
following them again
aki offers to lure away while misuko
runs and tries to escape
while running on the street misuko hears
another woman telling her to come this
way
and calling her izumi this time they run
across the bridge and mizuko sees in the
mirror that her appearance changed yet
again to someone else
this time they're marathon runners and
they proceed to enter a race where
everyone is cheering for the girls
as they continue to run misuko sees her
classmates are all alive and all
participating in the race
their reunion is cut short when the
groom from the wedding and the teachers
from the school begins
chasing after them killing everyone in
the way
mizuko's friends tell her to take a
different route and escape this world
as she is the only hope they have for
ending this nightmare
she jumps over a fence and runs towards
a mountain
eventually ending up in a large cave
where she sees another schoolgirl who's
telling her to follow
they proceed deeper into the cave and
arrives at a location where there are
hundreds of dead students standing
in formation the schoolgirl blames
mizuko for their deaths
and wants her to kill herself so that
all of them can finally stop dying again
and again just before she gets killed
aki saves her from the girl
and proceeds to bring her to another
location inside the cave
she then brings out mitsuko's
consciousness by reminding her who she
really is
she tells her friend to pull out the
cables from her arms
because it's the only way to escape from
this world and stop the invisible entity
from chasing after her
misuko hesitates but eventually grabs
onto the cables and pulls towards her
which ends up killing her friend aki but
also
opening a doorway to the outside she
follows the cables and enters into a
world where they're only
men she sees an advertisement of herself
on the billboard
and another man who seems to know
exactly who she is
mizuko struggles but eventually
remembers the man as well
she faints while he tells her that she's
actually in the future
misuka wakes up and this time she walks
through a cave-like hallway
filled with girls of every kind from all
her adventures
standing like statues on the wall she
arrives at the end
only to see an old man playing a video
game that shows
everything that happened to her from
before he tells msuko that she actually
died in 2034
and he acquired her dna so he can clone
her
and use her in his video games in fact
every woman in that universe has died at
one point
and are used by him for his
entertainment she runs forward
and is shocked to see more clothes of
herself and her friends
it turns out the young man she saw
before was the clone of the old man's
younger self
he wishes for her to sleep with his
younger version as to fulfill his
desires from centuries ago
she slowly walks forward and lays beside
him but just as he's about to force
himself upon her
mizuko remembers what siri said about
changing her own fate
she rips the pillow open and proceeds to
hit the man
throwing the feathers everywhere while
turning it red
she takes the old man's crane and in a
scream of rage
stabs herself in the stomach ending her
own life
misuko's decision to kill herself
results in all the characters in the
game doing the exact same
thing she slowly wakes up in a field of
white snow
finally free of her tormentors and runs
towards her own future
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time